Use `fs::dir_create()` in intro notebooks (#699)
AlexsLemonade/training-modules: intro-to-R-tidyverse/02-intro_to_ggplot2.Rmd

We can also create a directory if it doesn't already exist.

There's a couple ways that we can create that directory from within R.
One way is to use the base R function `dir.create()`, which (as the name suggests) will create a directory.

> But, this function always assumes that the directory does not yet exist, and it will throw an error if you try to create an existing directory.

Reviewer: Removed "always", as we can make it ignore the error with another option. And a bit of wording update
```suggestion
But this function assumes that the directory does not yet exist, and it will throw an error if you try to create a directory that already exists.
```
